The first thing I'm going to do is make sure that spark and
Kafka are running by typing ps dash ef.
If I do that,
I should see two spark processes and several Kafka processes running,
so we're good there.
Now let's take a look at the code.
I've imported my spark session.
I've also included all of the functions that I'm going to use from
spark SQL and all of the types I'm going to use from spark SQL as well.
Here, I've created my schema for this JSON payload.
Now I'm going to connect to spark.
Using spark, I'm going to set the log level to one.
I'm also going to use the spark session to read a Kafka stream.
From the Kafka server at localhost
9092 on the vehicle status topic starting at the earliest offset.
Then I'll do a dot load.
I'm going to take my vehicle status streaming
DataFrame and read it from the raw streaming DataFrame
after a select expression that casts
my binary keys as string and my binary value as string.
Then I'm going to extract my JSON by
acting on this DataFrame that has the key and the value from Kafka,
I'm going to replace the column called value using the dot with column method.
I'm going to replace what's in value using the from
JSON and there I will refer to what's in the value column currently,
which is a JSON string.
I will refer to the Kafka message schema in order to deserialize the JSON.
Then I'm going to select the column called value.star,
which includes all of these fields;
truck number, destination, miles from shop, odometer reading.
I'll put them in this vehicle status view.
I'll select them using spark.SQL into
another DataFrame using the select star from vehicle status,
which is SQL syntax.
I'll take this DataFrame and write it to the console.
I'm going to CD to home workspace spark.
If I list, I will see all the scripts I can run.
I want to run the script for vehicle status.
I'm going to say.slash, submit, vehicle status,.solution,.sh.
Now we're waiting for the Kafka output to come to the terminal.
Here, we have our truck number,
destination, miles from shop,
odometer reading nicely formatted into individual columns.
I'm going to break out of this by saying Control C.